hello everyone again you faith garbage u
I have an excellent reason to show on
How does the shampoo of the month work ?
tiande balm
climbed the need to wash your hair and
nothing better to invite you to
yourself in the bathroom and show what
I have and what I will use today
As an operator, my spouse Sergey
hello everybody hello please pay
attention in our family now we are actively
use
two sets of shampoo and balsam aloe
rich for thin for weak hair
for giving volume i love chic
hair I take care of them therefore found
for myself in the company of those that me
like i want to tell you that
shampoo action formula
containing microcapsules with
Aloe Vera Extracts Contains All That
necessary to give thin hair
extra volume and elasticity
has a complex effect on
hair and scalp are carefully delicate
cleans hair returns strength and
health
aloe extract restores balance
nourishes the roots from root to tip
regular use of shampoo gives
hair strength and elasticity and i think
nobody needs to be reminded that shampoo
no balm should be used
shampoo always gently cleanses the skin
heads from dirt and balm nourishes and
moisturize hair balm and aloe series
rich block moisture in thin hair
nourishes and strengthens their structure giving
noticeably larger volume after application
balm hair becomes soft and
silky
themselves and acquire a natural shine
I want to say that all the shampoos and balms
to them i'm using this way on
clean hair i apply balm and
back to my hair somewhere minutes
in 15-20 that is, I wash the balm off
hair not immediately after washing
and after twenty minutes and the effect is not
keep you waiting for you to make sure
but today I want to show on my
hair
here is this complex shampoo rejuvenating
balm to it with herbal extract shows in
show in the east means not giving
sit and it seems to me that we Europeans
these herbs became known just
thanks to the tiande company which came
from tibet
extract of the fur coat included in the composition of the shampoo
provides gentle delicate cleansing
hair and scalp
actively rejuvenating hair and stimulates
their growth prevents falling out
restore pigment shows possess
near protective function effectively
prevents age-related changes and
protects against stress and negative
the impact of the environment that is
if you are girls or boys
worried and feel that on
your head will add one gray hair
hair immediately keep in mind the grass fur coat
you need shampoo and balm with grass show
the process of washing your head to show them
I will not invite you back my
hair already when they are clean
back to my hair again
balm and shampoo with herb extract show
and the next thing I want to do is
combing hair seems to me like a review
shampoo would be incomplete without so girls
who are already tired of combing their
hair and rip out shreds not
find out how effective the balm
helps combing hair
You combed and the next stage of our
care will be applying serum for
hair
in tiande there are capsule cosmetics
now show you it closer we have
in serum capsules it is not sold in
such jars
and I want to apply this serum to myself
hair and tail is cut off and the contents
applied to wet hair i would
recommended such a capsule to use
on medium length hair
I think that such hair as mine to them
need two capsules
such content is quite liquid
something applied to wet hair to
there were no split ends to
full hydration
very well it even distributed to me
when I put it straight I feel on what
I already had a hair on feelings
hair where there is money
where it is not yet and now go to
styling
I will certainly invest with
means for styling and then
volume will see in a few minutes
it seems to me enough so that you can
see something done with them but
yourself please rate yourself their volume and
pomp density if you want yourself
same hair you know what for this
need to do subscribe to us
click like and order a plan with us